hello it's Ruby and today I have a very
quick gapps organized with me and get
ready for the new year with me I filmed
this at the beginning of January before
I laughed back to go back to University
and the first thing they did today was
just awesome questions on Instagram four
ways that I could improve my channel I
was basically just looking for some
feedback so the next thing I decided to
do was just do some planning for YouTube
videos so I made a note of series that I
wanted to do and then I just plan for
specific videos
as you can see I'm just referencing its
some of the feedback from the questions
I asked on Instagram and these are
basically just for video suggestions and
then I proceeded to go through my
planner and write in all of the videos
that I was planning to upload from
specific days
[Music]
so then I had a few Christmas present
stilts put away so I just went ahead and
found a place for each of these and
sorted through and gold of the rubbish
of day and then I had a new debit card
which came through so I just decided to
set that up online
then in the evening I decided to fill in
this birthday tracker which I actually
got from honey tree a couple of years
ago and I never filled out so I just
went through our yeast face for actually
to find people and then I just added a
birthdays in and then I proceeded to
make this chart of people who are
planning buying a present fool and then
just some ideas for presents just
because I think it's better to stay on
top of it and music and be more
efficient and then I decided to just go
through and find some meals some easy
vegan meals for the coming year and I
just added these on to you and out with
the database so the next note did was
write out some goals that I wanted to
really keep in mind for the new year and
then at the end of an academic term I
always like to reflect upon how I
revised and what I would have done
differently so I just made a kind of
module revision plan that I could then
use for my modules this term and lastly
I decided to set up this little journal
which is basically a log of things I
accomplished each day so I write in
three things every day that I am proud
to have done and it just helps to keep
me motivated when I can look back on it
so thank you so much for watching this
video I hope that you enjoyed and have a
productive week